hello well we're well into the Christmas
season and we are very excited and we
were even more excited to have a call
from our favorite shop in the whole wide
world late and he said that in
synchronicity to come and check out all
their Christmas stuff it was an exciting
day we went to their flagship store and
we checked out everything that they had
and we've created this ultimate foodie
gift guide yeah
kids love food and Christmas is a great
time to buy them a foodie gift this one
I'm really excited about
it's the gummy bear maker you make your
own jelly and pour it in and then you
get cute little gummy bears which will
keep them quiet it's really eating them
straight from the container yeah and if
that wasn't enough we came up with two
other amazing amazing gifts for kids
one of which popcorn maker you stick
your popcorn kernels in pop out comes
the popcorn
absolutely brilliant the kids loved it
the other thing we really liked was if
you thought candy floss it was just for
the fair think again like big cobwebs
it's like spun sugar isn't it when it
comes to things I would like for
Christmas I've got really a really a
really long list but when it comes to
buying things for other people sometimes
I get a bit stuck so I often find
inspiration from the kitchen and I
always think that you should buy someone
something that they're never gonna buy
themselves or something luxurious that
they use every day like these rather
amazing looking pans so they were
developed by a rocket scientist at
Oxford University they look very
interesting and they cook food faster so
they're really good presents for the
busy people in your lives and this is an
amazing life it is ice hardened some
more i sharpened i'm not sure what that
means but it looks very impressive when
it comes to buying something for someone
that they wouldn't buy themselves i
found this the smoking gun yes you put a
couple of pinches of wood chip in the
top light it press the button all the
smoke comes out into a jar with the
cheese the chicken whatever you want to
smoke open Borbon close the jar lid keep
it there for a few minutes and then when
you open the lid the smoke will all come
out amazing your guests and you have
some smoked cheese smoking it's truly
smoking it really it's looking you're
going from well thank you that's amazing
it smells it really smells like this
this is totally what we're gonna be
doing today so these are as amazing so
if you like the things that we've shown
in this video then please do look below
we've been inspired by Lakeland this is
definitely a winner top of - so happy
Christmas and see ya
lately - task to come up with the
ultimate Christmas Survival Guide top
tips for the perfect Christmas we jumped
at the chance